The second-term finals culminated in our crushing victory.
But then our disapproving principal showed up
and, hiding behind a notice of Korosensei's dismissal,
challenged our teacher to a one-sided game of chance.
Now, Korosensei...
become the foundation on which I will lay my philosophy.
Okay. Opened, solved, and closed!
I more or less remember which questions are on which page in this particular series of workbooks.
Math was the only challenge.
I'd lent that one out to a student for so long that I'd forgotten.
Oh!
You just happened to have memorized the exact books I decided to bring?
Heavens, no!
I've memorized all of Japan's workbooks.
"No moving out of the blast radius until you've solved the problem"?
A rule like that is no trouble for a passionate educator.
Here I thought you understood me,
but it seems your students' defeat has unnerved you.
You've dug your own grave with this simplistic assassination.
One book left. It's your turn.
How does it feel, having your own death staring you in the face?
That grand kaleidoscope glimpsed in one's final moments...
What could be flashing through that perfect mind of yours?
Sensei!
Asano-sensei!
Two monsters took up teaching at the same school:
one to repent of his strength,
and one to repent of his weakness.
Nice try, Ikeda-kun, but you couldn't get me today either.
A deal's a deal. Be a good boy and study.
Dang! You're a real beast, Asano-sensei!
Hey, Asano-sensei,
why'd you start a cram school in this abandoned schoolhouse up on this mountain, anyway?
Didn't you graduate from a top school overseas with loads of qualifications?
Feels like a waste of talent and money to me.
And a waste of energy making it up here.
Nothing is for naught in this world of ours, Nagai-kun.
This mountain path is perfect for training up your physical strength.
Urk...
And the money? This place is in the red, isn't it?
Don't worry, Mori-san. My stocks will make up the deficit.
With my skill, they'll make money even with minimal attention.
This month, I'm about five hundred thousand in the black.
The perfect superhuman!
You may be perfect, but you're crazy into teaching.
Just how do you intend to educate us, anyway?
By simply having you grow into good students.
But the bar for "good" is different for everyone.
Ikeda-kun's high spirits are good.
Mori-san's savvy is also good.
And Nagai-kun's diligence is good too.
But in order to make each of your good points even better,
as your teacher, I need to know all of the "good" qualities out there.
I'm only perfect because I have to be!
The private cram school was off to a good start.
Those three were the first students of my inaugural term.
In the quiet of the mountain, I could cultivate their strengths to my heart's content.
The ideal education of my dreams...
Ow!
Hey, I gave you a heads-up! Get outta the way next time, slowpoke!
We're barely out of class, and you're misbehaving already.
I'm gonna be a basketball player!
How could anyone just study all the time?
A fine dream, Ikeda-kun!
How about a little...
one-on-one?
What do you say?
Like I could win against a perfect superhuman!
Well, I do have abilities you haven't yet been given...
just like not everyone has the strengths you do.
Sorry, Nagai.
It's okay.
Everyone has faults.
I would tend to those faults,
cultivating people who could let their strengths shine to the fullest in society one day.
I put everything I had into my lesson plans.
A year flew by, and the students had come along well.
What's this?
A kunugi oak-leaf tie clip!
We pooled our money together to buy it.
It's probably peanuts compared to what you make on your stocks, though.
Yep. I made another seven million yesterday.
He could've kept that to himself.
But... this is lovely.
We all got into our first-choice junior highs.
And we couldn't have done it without you, Asano-sensei.
Yeah!
When I grow up, I'll be a real good guy, and I'll come see you!
This is already enough. You've grown into such good students.
When they saw my résumé and track record,
more parents started entrusting their children to me.
Three years later, the cram school was booming.
Oh! What's it been, three years?
Good to hear from you, Ikeda-kun.
Long time no see, Sensei! Sounds like you're at the top of your game!
More or less. What's up?
Oh, nothing really. Just wondering how you were doing.
Same as always.
What about you? Not running wild and causing trouble, I hope.
Course not! I'm a solid hunk of caring, just like you taught me to be!
You sound busy. I'll call back later.
How 'bout we get a nice dinner with your investment money, eh? Bye!
I have an errand in his neck of the woods next week.
Maybe I'll stop by.
A suicide, they said.
There was a nasty older kid on his sports team, I heard.
Beat him up, of course, but took a fair amount of money off him too.
He'd had a reputation for being such a sweet boy since junior high.
Don't you think, you know...
he should have maybe stood up for himself a little?!
What on Earth had I been teaching?
Cultivating good students?
How can a student dying in three years be considered "good"?!
If I don't build strong students... this will all have been for nothing.
But then what is "strong," anyway?
If I'm going to teach it,
I'll need to get to know all of it.
Things moved quickly from there.
I learned all there was about many forms of strength.
I sweet-talked the men who killed my student,
leading them down the road of gambling addiction and poverty.
I honed my brainwashing techniques on them.
After that, I opened another school.
The campus that symbolized my lack of strength
would serve as an object lesson to the weak.
Strong. I needed only to make them strong.
Strong students who could survive,
even if it meant sacrificing others when push came to shove.
And to that end...
I would need more money. More staff.
If it could serve my education, I would use it.
All to produce even one more of the strong.
And now, both the weak and the strong have left my side,
and all I have before me is death.
Well, Principal Asano? Will you open the final book?
No matter how superhuman you may be, opening a grenade-filled workbook will not end well.
Hey, this was your challenge.
If you don't wanna die, just throw in the towel gracefully!
Yikes!
And besides, we don't even care if you fire Korosensei!
It'll be sad to leave this place behind,
but we'll go where Korosensei goes.
Even if it means leaving home or holing up in some mountain,
we'll keep our assassination classroom going till March.
This year's E Class has been a constant thorn in the side of my education.
How many times now have I seen such bald-faced opposition?
Korosensei,
under my educational philosophy,
you could very well destroy the Earth and it wouldn't matter.
Once the Earth is gone, the end will come to everyone equally.
My students won't be the only ones suffering defeat.
That is one of my philosophy's ideals.
Have you forgotten my ability to molt?
Your once-a-month trick, eh?
Why didn't you use it on yourself?
I was saving it for you.
If I won, there was no doubt you'd have opted to blow yourself up.
How can you be so certain what I would do?
That's how much we have in common.
We're both as stubborn as we are education-obsessed,
aiming for perfection in teaching even if it means giving up our own lives.
I talked to your old cram-school students during the exams—
about their impressions of you as a teacher and what happened back then.
The educational ideals I pursue are the same as yours were a dozen years back.
Where I've been lucky, compared to you, is with the E Class.
Because there are a fair number of students,
and because they all share the same circumstances,
they can come together to withstand challenges
and can ask each other for advice without holding things in.
And, Principal Asano, this E Class exists because of none other than you.
You've unconsciously been carrying on the ideal education you came up with all that time ago.
I'm the only one this knife can kill—
my instruction is not in robbing humans of their lives.
You and I share the same ideals:
an education that does not kill but lets live.
Let's keep putting that ideal education of ours into practice.
Playing outside is fine, but it's important to attend class as well, Ikeda-kun.
Hmph! Bein' a kid's all about livin' life, not studyin'!
Hmm. Well, how about this?
I'll give you one chance per day to land a hit on me, whenever you like.
If you succeed, I'll let you skip class that day.
Seriously? Promise?
Yep.
You gotta see it through to the end, Asano-sensei!
No runnin' off halfway!
My philosophy is always correct.
I've turned out a great number of strong students these past dozen years.
But now you've acknowledged my system as well,
so I will permit this E Class to remain.
Still can't simply admit defeat, I see.
Oh, and...
May I come by to kill you every now and then?
Of course.
That knife suits a worthy rival well.
Your perfect facade is crumbling.
I can tell by your face you've lost again, Father.
Did you need something, Asano-kun?
Just thought I'd come console my loser father by asking compensation for this injury.
You can throw in a grade-A prime Kobe steak while you're at it.
Aha...
Take me to court on domestic violence charges if you like.
You'll never win against me, no matter how much you grow.
What makes you say that?
Because I'll keep growing, too. As an educator...
and as a parent.
By the way, sir... Where's our reward for the exams?
Oh, right!
I promised to tell you my crucial weakness, didn't I?
The truth is, I have surprisingly little strength.
I'm too specialized for speed.
When I'm at a standstill, even a single human can hold back one of my tentacles.
So if we all locked down all of your tentacles...
...we could stop you from moving?
If we could do that, the whole assassination'd be a cakewalk!
You only told us 'cause you knew it was impossible, octopus!
Hmm. No luck, eh?
The trick is to pretend you're grabbing a slime eel.
A drama festival?!
Now? When we're right about to take high-school entrance exams?
I complained to Asano about it at the student council meeting,
but he shot back:
It's training to memorize lines and stage directions in a short period of time.
All part of Kunugigaoka Junior High's educational policies.
Besides, it's you guys. You'll figure it out.
Nice.
Nagisa-kun, Nagisa-kun!
You play the lead!
Not another dodgy suggestion...
What about you, Kayano-san?
The kids were really into your play at the preschool.
Huh? But I—
Like that'll work with a junior-high audience!
They ain't gonna see themselves in some pint-sized player!
Hah!
I'd like to work on props.
Okay, so for our main staff,
I guess we should have Mimura as the director
and Hazama as the writer.
As for our leads... I want to play the lead.
Yeah, right! You, a state secret?!
You're a grown-up, so act like one and stay out of it!
B-But I've always wanted to be the lead in a play!
And I want to stand on the same stage with you all!
Sure. I've got just the thing.
A play that'll satisfy the wishes of both assassins and target!
Okay, here's our chance!
Let's whip those main-campus mooks into a storm of excitement!
Let's see.
Next up is the E Class.
Let's just sneer at 'em while we eat.
A peach.
According to radiography,
there's a baby growing inside.
The old man's eyes lit up
as he instantly realized the value of this peach.
How marvelous! A rarity, indeed!
The media'll be all over this one!
If I put it on display, I'll be rich for the rest of my life!
Eh?
Divorce papers.
The old woman had been wavering over whether to leave him.
But the old man's disregard for children's rights, along with his cruel words—
"I" and "my," not "we" and "our"—
made up her mind at last.
The furrow that had formed between them over thirty years of marriage
was like the river where she did the washing.
The stifling air between them
was like the carbon dioxide from burning mountain firewood.
This peach is all mine.
I'm the head of the household!
I decide how to divide our shared property!
Lawyers.
We represent your wife.
Any further communication must go through us.
About the peach... As your marriage had failed long ago,
the cut-off date for determining marital assets is long past.
Add in reparations for emotional distress,
and one peach isn't going to cut it.
Thirty years of verbal and physical abuse directed at the old lady.
He'd stopped earning a living a while back.
She had plenty of evidence.
The old man had no hope of winning in court.
The local men he'd hired to intimidate her
were hauled off by the police.
The old lady brought the peach to her new home.
She felt bright and cheerful, like her life had been freshly laundered.
It was the first day of her new life with the peach.
One, two, one, two... hooray!
Here we see a dog, a monkey, and a pheasant.
It seems they're being trained to attack people.
The wild animals ate their feed and innocently followed orders.
The only evil one was the old man, tainted by his lust for wealth.
Perhaps the demon island Onigashima is inside us after all.
The peach child will be born soon.
Will he, too, host a demon one day?
Th—
That's heavy!
It totally ruined my appetite!
Funny how words can leave marks.
I'm the lead! The lead!
That blasted E Class!
My school has wound up right in this creature's tentacles.
But the E Class won't end quite so happily ever after.
With what I've heard from the Ministry of Defense
and from my own experience here...
I'm the only one who can predict what will happen next.
Can you still be a teacher...
in the wake of the biggest storm ever?
Surprise!
Cast-Aside Kunudon!
With the school infighting over, having served his purpose,
Kunudon was sent to the E Class.
Get away from me, losers!
I ain't like the rest o' you!
Three cheers for unemployment!
Goodbye, Kunudon!
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
The moon that floats in the night sky
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
sotto furete mita atatakakute
I went to touch it: it was warm jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo 13th Period
Fuwa Yuzuki Let Live Time
Finding the Area of a Circle
Area of a Circle = Radius x Radius x 3.14
Circumference = Diameter x 3.14
Diameter = Circumference / 3.14
Mission Accomplished!
Ikeda Rikuto
m 603 276 l 619 320 728 256 708 222
m 565 296 l 583 330 682 262 664 232
Ikeda Rikuto
m 521 309 l 549 342 655 258 630 230
In In Mourning Mourning
Korosensei's Weak Point #33:
Can be captured if everyone holds him down
Assassination Classroom Second Season Akabane Karma
Drama Festival
Drama Festival Assemble in the gym
Budgeting After performances, return to classrooms
Abe Sada: This Is Mine Abe Sada: This Is Mine
Momotarou Momotarou Momotarou
Diary Illegal Drugs
Teach Teach Teach us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo n do n do n do us, us, us, Teach
Ku nu Teach Ku nu Teach Ku nu n do n do n do n do n do
n do do n do n do n m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Cast-Aside!
(Societally Speaking)